The value MUST be '2.0'. @IssueInstant SAML: Time at which the message was created. @Destination SAML: URL of the HM on which the message is offered. MUST match the . SAML metadata
@Consent Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST NOT be included
Issuer Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain the  of the MR. EntityID
The attributes NameQualifier, SPNameQualifier, Format and SPProvidedID MUST NOT be included. Signature Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain the  of the MR for the enveloped Digital signature
message. Extensions Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST NOT be included
Status Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST be filled conform SAML 2.0 specs when the request is
successfully processed. MUST be filled according to  in case of an error or when the request was cancelled. Error handling
Assertion Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain an assertion about the authorization (see the next
section). Rules for processing responses
A receiving HM:
MUST verify the structure and contents of the response. A responding MR MUST:
The MR MUST communicate the Level of Assurance of the . A MR MUST NOT registered authorization
communicate a level for which it is not certified. In case of a chain of authorizations, the MR MUST communicatie the minimum of the LoA of all
Representation authorizations in the applicable chain (so far). In case of a request for a portal service, a MR MUST communicate the Level of Assurance as the minimum
Level of Assurance of all applicable service authorizations chosen by the user.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 594Authorization assertion
Assertion @Version SAML: Version of the SAML protocol. The value MUST be '2.0'. @ID SAML: Unique reference to the assertion
@IssueInstant SAML: Time at which the assertion was created
Issuer Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain the  of the MR. EntityID
The attributes NameQualifier, SPNameQualifier, Format and SPProvidedID MUST NOT be
included. Signature Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain the  of the MR for Digital signature
the enveloped assertion. Subject Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST contain a different transient <NameID> from
the AD Assertion as received in the Request or preceding MR assertion in case of chain
authorization. Each assertion MUST contain a new transient identifier, that is unique for
the issuer during at least the past 12 months. Conditions Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MAY be included. The attributes NotBefore and
NotOnOrAfter MAY be included but should be ignored by the receiver. Other conditions MUST NOT be included. Advice Elektronische Toegangsdiensten: MUST be included, containing an AssertionIDRef
referencing the Assertion this declaration is directly linked to.