Participants supply metadata and the Beheerorganisatie validates, aggregates and publishes it according to  Proces
. netwerkmetadata
Moreover, service providers adapting to the standard DV-HM interface specifications, MUST exchange SAML metadata with
their supporting HM systems based on specifications describes in this chapter. DV metadata for HM  — For each service, a Dienstverlener (DV) MUST supply metadata to the HM as a valid SAML file
according to urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:metadata with one signed EntityDescriptor element. HM metadata for DV  — A Herkenningsmakelaar (HM) MUST supply metadata to the service provider as a valid SAML
file according to urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:metadata with one signed EntityDescriptor element. Metadata for participants  — A participant MUST supply metadata to the Beheerorganisatie (BO) for every system that
implements the role of HM, AD, MR, EB or KR in the network. A participant MUST NOT supply metadata for a role or
functionality it has not been assigned. Network metadata  — The Beheerorganisatie checks the participants' metadata for conformity, deletes the signatures
and aggregates the metadata into one file. Authorization List BSN format  — The Beheerorganisatie BSNk provides the Autorisatielijst BSN containing the OIN's
of all organisations authorized to use BSN. Every OIN also accompanied by a name to improve problem solving
activities. The Beheerorganisatie BSNk publishes the Autorisatielijst BSN in a location specified in their metadata. The
file is available in XML format. Further information about the Autorisatielijst can be found in the BSNk
documentation (contact Logius for more information). Key provisioning list format  — The Beheerorganisatie BSNk provides the Sleutelverstrekkingslijst
containing the OIN's of all Service Providers (Dienstverlener) for whom DV-key material has been provided to their
Broker (Toegangsdienst). The Sleutelverstrekkingslijst is mainly for transparency reasons (like Certificate
Transparency, IETF RFC6962). The Beheerorganisatie BSNk publishes the Sleutelverstrekkingslijst in a fixed location. The file is available in XML format. Further information about the Key Provisioning list formaAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 782DV metadata for HM
For each service, a  MUST supply metadata to the HM as a valid SAML file according to urn:oasis:names:tc: Dienstverlener (DV)
SAML:2.0:metadata with one signed EntityDescriptor element.Signing metadata MUST meet the requirements for signing
and encrypting, see  . For eIDAS-outbound the EB and BRP MUST act in the same way as a Dienstverlener. Digital signatureAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 783Metadata:
This section describes the layout of the metadata. Elements not listed in this table MUST NOT be included in the metadata.