• From other documents supplied by the
applicant or from other sources. COL-8.2.2.1-02: The following
attributes shall at a minimum be
collected if the applicant is a natural
person:
a) family name(s), first name(s), which
should be current names;
b) further information as needed to
uniquely identify the applicant as a
natural person in the identity proofing
context.NOTE 1: There can be cases where the name
attributes collected need to match the name
provided by an evidence, which is not
necessarily the current name when a name
change occurred after the evidence was issued. NOTE 2: Requirements for the presence of
naming attributes can depend on the identity
proofing context. In some contexts, a full
name (all family names and first names) can be
required, while in other contexts full name is
not needed. In rare cases, a person can have
only one name, classified as either first name
or family name. NOTE 3: Depending on the identity proofing
context, unique identification can be in the
form of a single attribute such as a national
identity number, or as one or more additional
attributes that together with the name provide
unique identification. NOTE 4: ETSI EN 319 412-2 [i.9] specifies X.509
certificate profile for natural persons. In
addition to the name of the subject, a country
attribute with undefined semantics is
mandatory, and usually a serialNumber
attribute is required to guarantee a unique
identity. While values for the country and the
serialNumber attributes can be part of the Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1027attributes collected, these values can also be
generated and added by the certification
authority. NOTE 5: Although the outcome of the identity
proofing can be a pseudonym identity, identity
proofing conforming to the present document
requires identification of the real identity of
the person as determined by applicable
identity documents, official registers or other
authoritative sources. COL-8.2.2.1-03: The attributes to
collect shall be as determined by the
identity proofing context.NOTE 6: Given the identity proofing context,
the legal basis for collecting certain attributes
can be laws or regulations allowing collection
or consent by the applicant. Applicant's
consent can be extended to the collection of
attributes additional to the minimum set
needed for the identity proofing context. COL-8.2.2.1-04: The identity proofing
process shall not collect identity
attributes that are not included in the
result of the identity proofing, except
when such attributes are required for
attribute and evidence validation and
/or binding to applicant. 8.2.2.2 Attribute collection for legal person De eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.3. [CONDITONAL] If the applicant is a
legal person, the requirements in the
present clause apply. COL-8.2.2.2-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, the means
used to collect identity attributes for a
legal person shall be documented and
published.NOTE: Depending on the identity proofing
context, attribute collection for a legal person
may vary from basic company information to
an extensive record of information about the
legal person, including information such as
beneficial owners and personnel in key roles. EXAMPLE 1: Attributes can be collected from
business registers, commercial information
providers, documents and attestations, or by
manual input in the course of the identity
proofing process. COL-8.2.2.2-02: The attributes
collected shall uniquely identify the
applicant as a legal person in the
identity proofing context.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1028COL-8.2.2.2-03: The following
attributes shall, as a minimum, be
collected if the applicant is a legal
person:
a) full name of the legal person;
b) country of registration of the legal
person;
c) unique identifier and type of
identifier for the legal person (unless
such identifier does not exist).EXAMPLE 2: Unique identifier can be national
registration number, tax number, VAT
number, or LEI (Legal
Entity Identifier). 8.2.2.3 Attribute collection for natural person representing legal person De eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.4. [CONDITONAL] If the applicant is a
natural person representing a legal
person, the requirements in the
present clause apply. COL-8.2.2.3-01: Identity attributes for
the natural person shall be collected
according to the requirements in clause
8.2.2.1 of the present document. COL-8.2.2.3-02: Identity attributes for
the legal person shall be collected
according to the requirements in clause
8.2.2.2 of the present document. COL-8.2.2.3-03: The role of the natural
person with respect to the legal person
and identification of the source of the
authorization of the natural person to
represent the legal person shall be
collected. 8.2.4 Use of existing eID means as evidence De eisen in deze paragraaf
gaan over het gebruik van
andere elektronische
identificatiemiddelen voor
het aantonen van de
identiteit. Het proces voor
identificatie op afstand bij
ETD/eHerkenning biedt
geen ruimte voor het
gebruik van andere
elektronische
identificatiemiddelen voor
het aantonen van de
identiteit.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1029[CONDITONAL] If existing eID means
for authentication is used as evidence,
the requirements in the present clause
apply.NOTE 1: A physical identity document can be
used with the applicant's physical presence
and remotely by the applicant presenting the
document in front of a camera. COL-8.2.4-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, the
conditions that an eID or eID scheme is
required to fulfil to be accepted for
identity proofing shall be documented
and published.NOTE 1: Most eID solutions today represent a
natural person, although eID means for a legal
person or a natural person representing a legal
person is possible. EXAMPLE 1: The documentation can list
named eIDs or eID schemes or describe the
necessary characteristics of eIDs or eID
schemes by referring to a required LoA as
defined by an assurance level
framework. EXAMPLE 2: Acceptance for an identity
proofing context can require that certain
identity attributes are asserted by the eID
means. EXAMPLE 3: The identity proofing context can
state that only eIDs notified according to the
eIDAS
Regulation [i.1] Article 9 can be used. COL-8.2.4-02: The eID shall conform to
eIDAS LoA substantial or high or
conform to an LoA defined by another
assurance level framework and offering
comparable assurance to the relevant
eIDAS LoA level.NOTE 2: eIDAS LoAs are specified by CIR (EU)
2015/1502 [i.3]. The identity proofing context
can require
conformance to specifically the eIDAS LoA
framework and can also require that eIDs are
notified
according to the eIDAS Regulation [i.1] Article
9. EXAMPLE 4: The eID can conform to a national
assurance level framework of an EU Member
State or an
assurance level framework of a non-EU state;
in both cases, the assurance level framework
can be aligned with the eIDAS LoAs. NOTE 3: The comparable assurance to an eIDAS
LoA level can be assessed by an independent,
accredited
conformity assessment body. NOTE 4: The identity proofing context can
place further requirements on the issuing of
the eID, e.g. to avoid a long chain of eID
renewals where the presence (physical or
remote) of the eID subject is a long time in the
past, or to avoid a long chain of eIDs that are
all issued based on another eID.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1030[CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.4-03: If
required attributes to be collected
cannot be confirmed by the
authentication using the eID means,
these attributes shall be collected from
other sources and validated by use of
other evidence in accordance with the
identity proofing context.NOTE 5: Typically, this happens when required
attributes are not present in the identity
assertion obtained from the authentication
protocol. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.4-04: If the
eID means is used for an identity
proofing process supporting an EU
qualified trust service, the eID shall
conform to eIDAS LoA substantial or
high.NOTE 6: When the qualified trust service is the
issuance of a qualified certificate, eIDAS Article
24.1 (b) states that the eID means is required
to be issued based on a prior physical presence
of the natural person or an authorized
representative of the legal person. 8.2.5 Use of existing digital signature means as evidence De eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.2. [CONDITONAL] If an existing digital
signature means with a supporting
certificate is used as evidence, the
requirements in the present clause
apply. COL-8.2.5-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, the
conditions under which digital
signatures and certificates are accepted
shall be documented and published.NOTE 1: A digital signature can be applied by a
natural person (electronic signature as defined
by eIDAS), a legal person (electronic seal as
defined by eIDAS), or a natural person
representing a legal person, depending on the
information included in the certificate and the
semantics of this information. NOTE 2: The conditions can be stated in the
form of a signature policy; see ETSI TS 119 172-
1 [i.13]. NOTE 3: The present document makes no
assumption on the format or content of the
document signed. Identity attributes are
evidenced by the certificate, not by the signed
document. EXAMPLE 1: Regarding digital signature, the
identity proofing context can require that a
qualified electronic signature/seal, according
to the eIDAS regulation, is used. EXAMPLE 2: Regarding certificate, the list can
consist of named certificate issuers or describe
the necessary characteristics of the certificate, Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1031e.g. by referring to a policy level as defined by
ETSI EN 319 411-1 [i.7] or ETSI EN 319 411-2 [i. 8]. EXAMPLE 3: Acceptance for an identity
proofing context can pose requirements for
certificate content, e.g. require that certain
identity attributes are present for the named
subject. [CONDITONAL] COL-8.2.5-02: If a
digital signature with a supporting
certificate is accepted as evidence of
identity for a natural person
representing a legal person, the
certificate should evidence the
connection between the natural and
the legal person.NOTE 4: For an X.509 certificate, this will
typically imply that the Subject field of the
certificate identifies both the natural and the
legal person; however, such identification in
itself does not evidence that the natural person
is authorized to represent the legal person for
the identity proofing. COL-8.2.5-03: The certificate shall at
least conform to the NCP policy level as
defined by ETSI EN 319 411-1 [i.7].NOTE 5: The identity proofing context can
place further requirements on the issuing of
the certificate, e.g. to avoid a long chain of
certificate renewals where the presence
(physical or remote) of the certificate  subject
is a long time in the past, or to avoid a long
chain of certificates that are all issued based on
another certificate. A requirement for the
certificate to be issued based on one of the use
cases defined in the present document can be
recommended. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.5-04: If
required attributes to be collected are
not present in the certificate, these
attributes shall be collected from other
sources and validated by the use of
other evidence in accordance with the
identity proofing context. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.5-05: If the
digital signature with certificate is used
for an identity proofing process
supporting an EU qualified trust
service, the digital signature shall be a
qualified electronic signature as
defined by the eIDAS Regulation if the
applicant is a natural person or a
natural person representing a legal
person, or a qualified electronic seal as
defined by the eIDAS Regulation if the
applicant is a legal person.NOTE 6: When the qualified trust service is the
issuance of a qualified certificate, eIDAS Article
24.1 (c) states that the qualified certificate is
required to be issued based on identity
proofing either by a prior physical presence of
the natural person or of an authorized
representative of the legal person, or by an eID
means conforming to eIDAS substantial or
high that is in turn based on identity proofing
by the physical presence of the natural person
or an authorized representative of the legal
person. 8.2.6 Use of trusted register as supplementary evidence De eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1032betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.1. [CONDITONAL] If a trusted register is
used as supplementary evidence, the
requirements in the present clause
apply. COL-8.2.6-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, a list of
the trusted registers used to collect and
/or validate attributes, and whether
lookup in these registers is mandatory
or optional, shall be documented and
published.NOTE 1: Availability of trusted registers can
vary between countries, ranging from no
availability to lookup in particular sources, e.g. national population registers or business
registers, mandated by national regulation. EXAMPLE 1: Trusted registers can be used both
to validate attributes that are already collected
to ensure that the attribute values are correct
and up to date, and to fetch additional
attributes. COL-8.2.6-02: Only official national or
nationally approved registers should be
accepted as trusted registers.EXAMPLE 2: Depending on the identity
proofing context, information sources such as
existing customer
databases of TSPs or other service providers
can be defined as trusted registers. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.6-03: If the
applicant is a legal person, the
attributes collected for the legal person
shall be verified against an
authoritative business register to the
extent that the legal person is
registered and that the required
attributes are present in the register.NOTE 2: There can be a need to do identity
proofing of entities that do not possess a
unique identifier and that are not present in
any business register, e.g. public sector
agencies in some countries. 8.2.7 Use of proof of access as supplementary evidence De eisen in deze paragraaf
gaan over het gebruik van
vertrouwde
toegangsmethoden voor het
aantonen van de
identiteit. Het proces voor
identificatie op afstand bij
ETD/eHerkenning maakt
geen gebruik controle van
vertrouwde
toegangsmethoden voor het
antonen van de identiteit. [CONDITONAL] If proof of access is
used as supplementary evidence, the
requirements in the present clause
apply. COL-8.2.7-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, a list of NOTE: Proof of access will usually be relevant
only for natural persons.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1033the proof of access mechanisms that
are required or accepted as
supplementary evidence of identity and
the attributes that are collected or
validated from these mechanisms shall
be documented and published.EXAMPLE 1: Proof of access to a bank account
with identity information obtained from the
bank. EXAMPLE 2: Proof of access to a mobile phone
with identity information obtained from the
mobile operator's subscription register. COL-8.2.7-02: The attributes returned
from the proof of access shall be
reliably linked to the applicant.EXAMPLE 3: Proof of access to a bank account
owned by another person could result in
attributes for the other person to be returned. COL-8.2.7-03: The reliability of
attributes obtained from proof of
access mechanisms shall be evaluated
with all cases of attributes considered
to have lower reliability than the
outcome of the general identity
proofing process documented and
published.EXAMPLE 4: The general outcome of an
identity proofing process is Baseline, but a
mobile phone number
obtained from proof of access can have lower
reliability. 8.2.8 Use of documents and attestations as supplementary evidence De eisen in deze paragraaf
gaan over het gebruik
documenten en
verklaringen voor het
aantonen van de
identiteit. Het proces voor
identificatie op afstand bij
ETD/eHerkenning maakt
geen gebruik documenten
en verklaringen voor het
aantonen van de identiteit. [CONDITONAL] If documents and
attestations are used as supplementary
evidence, the requirements in the
present clause apply. COL-8.2.8-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, a list of
the documents or attestations required
or accepted as supplementary evidence
of identity and the attributes that are
collected or validated from this
documentation shall be documented
and published.EXAMPLE 1: For a natural person, in some
countries, utility bills or similar can be
required as evidence of
address. EXAMPLE 2: Attestations can be used as
evidence that a legal person exists and for
further information on its legal status, and as
evidence that a natural person is entitled to
represent the legal person. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.8-02: If the
applicant is a legal person, a statement
from a natural person verified to
represent the legal person may be
accepted as evidence.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1034COL-8.2.8-03: The reliability of
attributes obtained from documents
and attestations shall be evaluated with
all cases of attributes considered to
have lower reliability than the outcome
of the general identity proofing process
documented and published.EXAMPLE 3: The general outcome of an
identity proofing process is Baseline, but an
address obtained from a utility bill can have
lower reliability. COL-8.2.8-04: Acceptance of digital
documents and attestations should be
limited to digital documents and
attestations that are evidenced by the
issuer's digital signature.NOTE: The identity proofing context can pose
requirements that a digital signature is
required to fulfil to be accepted. 8.2.9 Evidence collection for natural person representing legal person De eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.4. [CONDITIONAL] If the applicant is a
natural person purporting to represent
a legal person, the requirements in the
present clause apply. COL-8.2.9-01: Evidence for the natural
person's identity shall be collected
according to the relevant requirements
from clauses 8.2.3 to 8.2.8 of the
present document. COL-8.2.9-02: Evidence for the legal
person's identity shall be collected
according to the relevant requirements
from clauses 8.2.3 to 8.2.8 of the
present document. COL-8.2.9-03: For each identity
proofing context supported, the
accepted means to evidence the link
between the natural person's identity
and the legal person's identity shall be
documented and published.EXAMPLE 1: Trusted registers like business
registries, or required documents and
attestations. COL-8.2.9-04: For each identity
proofing context supported, the
positions, roles, or other relationships
accepted for a natural person to
represent a legal person shall be
documented and published.EXAMPLE 2: Directors, executives, board
members, or a natural person with
authorization duly delegated from another
natural person in an authorized role. COL-8.2.9-05: For each identity
proofing context supported, any
freshness (current) requirement Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1035applicable to any statement or
document regarding the natural
person's relationship to the legal
person shall be documented and
published. COL-8.2.9-06: If the legal person is
listed in an authoritative business
register, the role of the natural person
concerning the legal person shall be
collected from or validated against this
business register to the extent that the
required attributes are present in the
register.NOTE 1: Practices for registration vary between
countries. As one example, public sector
entities are not registered in business registers
in all countries. COL-8.2.9-07: The role of the natural
person concerning the legal person
may be collected from or verified
against other information sources than
authoritative business registers.NOTE 2: This, in particular, applies to legal
persons that are not present in such business
registers. EXAMPLE 3: Information source can be public
notaries, other registers than business
registers, the official web site of the legal
person, contacts with representatives of the
legal person other than the concerned
natural person etc. COL-8.2.9-08: Documents and
attestations from the concerned legal
person may be used as evidence of a
natural person's authorization to
represent the legal person. 8.3 Attribute and evidence validation
8.3.1 General requirementsDe eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.1. VAL-8.3.1-01: All necessary identity
attributes shall be validated to the
required reliability by the presented
evidence. VAL-8.3.1-02: Evidence of the identity
proofing process shall be collected and
secured supporting requirements in
clause 8.5.2 of the present document. VAL-8.3.1-03: The handling of
differences in encoding of identity
attributes between collected attributes
and attributes from evidence, and
between different evidence, shall be
described.EXAMPLE 1: Typical sources of differences are
transcription between alphabets or from non-
alphabetical scripts (e.g. Chinese) to an
alphabet, transcription of national language
characters (e.g. Norwegian æ, ø, å)Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1036into Latin characters, and transcription of
diacritics (e.g.