Zie ook eis 8.3.2-02 NOTE 2. ICAO 9303 is beschikbaar op
de volgende locatie:
https://www.icao.int
/publications/pages
/publication.aspx? docnum=9303
ICAO 9303  definities:
MRTD = Machine Readable
Travel Document
Official document,
conforming with the
specifications contained in
Doc , issued by a State or  9303
organization which is used by
the holder for international
travel (e.g. MRP, MRV,
MROTD) and which contains
mandatory visual (eye
readable) data and a separate
mandatory data summary in a
format which is capable of
. being read by machine
eMRTD = Electronic Machine
Readable Travel Document
An MRTD (passport, visa or
card) that has a  contactless
integrated circuit embedded
in it and the capability of
being used for biometric
identification of the MRTD Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1010in accordance with the holder
standards specified in the
relevant Part of Doc —  9303
Machine Readable Travel
Documents. 8.3 Attribute and evidence validation
8.3.1 General requirements
VAL-8.3.1-08: The identity proofing
process shall verify that the evidence is
genuine and presented in its original
form.NOTE 1: An evidence of a type that actually
exists, and that is not counterfeit, has not
been tampered with and, where applicable,
is not a copy of the original. VAL-8.3.1-09: The authenticity and
integrity of the evidence shall be verified. [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.1-10: If the
evidence has explicit security features
/elements, these elements shall be
verified.NOTE 2: This need not be all security
elements of, e.g. a physical identity
document. A selection of elements
sufficient for assessing that the evidence is
genuine can be applied.Deze eis geldt zowel voor
fysieke identificatie, als
identificatie op afstand. Het
uitgangspunt is dat,
onafhankelijk van de
gebruikte
identificatiemethode, alle
veiligheidskenmerken van
het identiteitsdocument de
gecontroleerd zouden
moeten worden. De
Toetreder dient dit middels
een analyse van de risico's,
gecombineerd met de
mogelijkheden die de
identificatiemethode biedt,
toe te lichten. 8.3.2 Validation of digital identity document
[CONDITONAL] If digital identity
documents are used as evidence, the
requirements in the present clause apply.Met digitaal wordt hier
bedoeld het uitlezen van de
chip en/of de ‘Machine
Readable Zone’ (MRZ). [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.2-01: If the
digital identity document is used in a
remote identity proofing process, the
data from the identity document shall be
transferred to an environment
controlled by the actor responsible for
the identity proofing process in a
manner that ensures authenticity,
integrity, and confidentiality of the
document content. VAL-8.3.2-02: The digital identity
document shall only be accepted if the Bij NOTE 1: ETSI EN 319 102-
1 is beschikbaar op de Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1011issuer's digital signature on the
document is successfully validatedNOTE 1: Usually this means that the
validation result is TOTAL-PASSED as
defined by ETSI EN 319 102-1 [i.5]. NOTE 2: For an eMRTD document following
ICAO 9303 part 10 [2], country signing
, e.g. downloaded from the ICAO certificates
PKD (Public Key Database), are needed for
validation.volgende locatie:
https://www.etsi.org/deliver
/etsi_en/319100_319199
/31910201/01.01.01_60
/en_31910201v010101p.pdf
[CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.2-03: If an
online status service to confirm the
document's validity exists and is
practically available, the process shall
use this service to verify that the
document is currently valid.NOTE 3: Meaning not revoked, suspended,
or reported as lost/stolen. Not all document
issuers have available lookup services to
check validity, and in some cases access to
lookup services is restricted. Regarding
current validity, note that there can be a
delay in the order of days between the
events of revoking a document and
updating a status service. NOTE 4: If digital identity documents from
many different sources are accepted, online
access (interactive or by API) to all the
different status services can be impractical
for documents that occur infrequently.Voor ETD/eHerkenning wordt
deze eis ingevuld middels  een
gestolen/vermist-controle
vanaf
betrouwbaarheidsniveau
LoA3. [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.2-04: If the
digital identity document is required to
be read from a chip embedded in a
physical identity document, the identity
proofing process shall ensure that
neither the applicant nor an external
attacker can inject into the process a
copy of a digital identity document that
has previously been obtained and stored
by the attacker.NOTE 5: Fulfilment of this requirement can
depend on the protocol supported by the
chip; reliable fulfilment can be difficult if
the chip does not support a protocol that
supports cloning detection. NOTE 6: Fulfilment of this requirement can
rely on the applicant's use of software that is
approved for the identity proofing process,
e.g. mobile app functionality. VAL-8.3.2-05: Information obtained
from the digital identity document shall
be recorded as needed for binding to
applicant and to evidence the identity
proofing process.NOTE 7: In addition to identity attributes,
required information to be recorded is
typically at least  validity period, and issuer,
the document's unique identification
number.Bij NOTE 7: v oor ETD
'issuer' /eHerkenning wordt
geïnterpreteerd als het land
van uitgifte van het WID. De
ICAO-standaard haalt voor de
landcodes de standaard ISO
3166-1 aan. VAL-8.3.2-06: The face photo contained
in the digital identity document shall be
extracted to enable binding to applicant. 8.3.3 Validation of physical identity document
[CONDITONAL] If a physical identity
document is used as evidence, the
requirements in the present clause apply.NOTE 1: A physical identity document can
be used with the applicant's physical Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1012presence and remotely by the applicant
presenting the document in front of a
camera. VAL-8.3.3-01: The process shall verify
that the physical identity document
presented is visually equal to the
expected visual appearance of the
document type. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-02: If a
physical identity document is used as
evidence in a remote validation process,
the process shall ensure that the
applicant has the document in hand and
presents the document in real-time in
front of a camera.NOTE 2: It is required that this happens at
the time of the identity proofing;
submission of a pre-recorded photo or
video stream of an identity document is
considered not to meet the requirements
for identity proofing to Baseline LoIP. NOTE 3: This can rely on the applicant's use
of software approved for the identity
proofing process, e.g. mobile app
functionality.Remote validation is in deze
context het op afstand
beoordelen van de echtheid
van het fysieke
identiteitsdocument. Zie ook
de definitie van validation. VAL-8.3.3-03: The process shall ensure
that the document presented by the
applicant is a genuine, physical identity
document that is not counterfeited or
falsified/modified. [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.3-04: If the
physical identity document is used in a
remote identity proofing process, the
applicant's presentation of the identity
document in front of a camera shall
include recording of a video sequence to
visualize the physical characteristics of
the identity document and its security
features. The recording shall cover each
relevant side of the identity document
presented by the applicant.EXAMPLE 1: The applicant can be given
instructions for the movement of the
identity document, where the specific
actions and/or their sequence are
unpredictable to the applicant. NOTE 4: With the current state of
technology, the use of a still photo of the
identity document is not considered
sufficient for Baseline LoIP. This can change
in the future with the development of image
analysis technology. EXAMPLE 2: Both the front and back sides of
a national identity card will usually need to
be presented. [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.3-05: If the
physical identity document is used in a
remote identity proofing process, the
process shall ensure that the video
stream is transmitted to an environment
controlled by the actor responsible for
the identity proofing process in a
manner that ensures authenticity,
integrity, and confidentiality of the video
stream.NOTE 5: In particular, to protect against
replay attack with the injection of another
video stream in the process.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1013[CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-06: If the
process is performed with manual
validation of the physical identity
document, the registration officer shall
have access to authoritative sources of
information on document appearance
and document validation.EXAMPLE 3: PRADO (Public Register of
Authentic Travel and Identity Documents
Online) for the EU and the EEA countries.Bij EXAMPLE 3: PRADO is
beschikbaar op de volgende
locatie:  https://www. consilium.europa.eu/prado
/nl
VAL-8.3.3-07: Security elements of
physical identity documents shall be
verified to the extent needed to obtain
sufficient reliability in the genuineness
of the document; the verification process
shall be documented.EXAMPLE 4: Security elements can be
watermarks, holograms, printing
techniques, visual and infrared light
patterns, and see-through elements. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-08: If the
process is performed with the physical
presentation of physical identity
documents, the registration officer shall
verify optical and haptic/tactile security
features if any. [CONDITIONAL] VAL-8.3.3-09: If an
online status service to confirm the
physical identity document's validity
exists and is practically available, the
process shall use this service to verify
that the document is currently valid.NOTE 6: Meaning not revoked, suspended,
or reported as lost/stolen. Not all document
issuers have available lookup services to
check validity, and in some cases access to
lookup services is restricted. Regarding
current validity, note that there can be a
delay in the order of days between the
events of revoking a document and
updating a status service. NOTE 7: If physical identity documents from
many different sources are accepted, online
access (interactive or by API) to all the
different status services can be impractical
for documents that occur infrequently. VAL-8.3.3-10: Information printed on
physical identity documents shall be
recorded as needed for binding to
applicant and to evidence the identity
proofing process.NOTE 8: Information can be extracted by
manual transcription, automatically for
example by optical scanning and OCR
techniques, and in some cases by photo
/photocopy of the document. NOTE 9: In addition to identity attributes,
required information to be recorded is
typically at least issuer, validity period, and
the document's unique identification
number. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-11: If face
is applied to bind the physical biometricsAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1014identity identity document to the
applicant, the face photo printed on the
identity document shall be extracted. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-12: If the
physical identity document is used in a
remote identity proofing process, and
the identity document has an MRZ
(machine readable zone), the
information from the MRZ should be
extracted and validated. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-13: If the
physical identity document is validated
by manual procedures, the validation
task should be assigned randomly
among available registration officers. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-14: If
validation of physical identity
documents is done manually, the
validation shall be carried out by a
registration officer that has received
appropriate training covering at least the
following:
a) Fraud prevention and detection of
forgery. b) Data protection. c) Communication training (when the
registration officer is required to
communicate with the applicant).