BIN-8.4.2-10: The PAD measures and
APCER and BPCER rates shall be kept up
to date concerning advances in the threat
landscape and available technology.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 10188.4.3 Binding to applicant by automated face biometrics
[CONDITONAL] If binding to applicant is
by automated face biometrics, the
following requirements apply:NOTE 1: Use of other biometric means than
face biometrics is currently out of scope but
can be a future possibility. BIN-8.4.3-01 The process shall provide a
reliable, automated comparison
between the face image extracted from
the identity document presented by the
applicant and a face image captured
according to the requirements of clause
8.4.2 of the present document. BIN-8.4.3-02: Only data capture and
preliminary data quality assessment shall
be done in equipment controlled by the
applicant. BIN-8.4.3-03: Biometric signal
processing, comparison, data storage,
and decision SHALL be carried out in
secure processing equipment. EXAMPLE 1: To protect against threats to the
biometric system as described in clause 5.1
in ISO/IEC 30107-1 [i.16]. [CONDITONAL] BIN-8.4.3-04: If
biometric face recognition is used with
the physical presence of the applicant,
properly secured equipment shall be
used to read the identity document
presented by the applicant and obtain a
face image of the applicant. [CONDITONAL] BIN-8.4.3-05: If
biometric face recognition is used with
the physical presence of the applicant,
locally installed and properly secured
equipment may be used for the
biometric face recognition processing.EXAMPLE 2: For fulfilment of the two
requirements above, a biometric kiosk as
commonly used at passport offices, or
equipment similar to that used for
automated border control, can be used. BIN-8.4.3-06: The biometric algorithms
and technologies applied shall be
systematically tested against reference
datasets and kept updated to cope with
changes in the threats and risk situation. NOTE 2: See for example, clauses for face
biometrics in ISO/IEC 19795-1 [i.17]. BIN-8.4.3-07: Test results for the
biometric face recognition shall show a
FAR (false acceptance rate) at the level of
industry best practice.NOTE 3: No specific number is specified for
FAR. Rapid technology improvement can
lead to significant progress in industry best
practice FAR performance even in the short
term.ETSI 119 461 definities:
False Acceptance Rate (FAR)
proportion of verification
transactions with false
biometric claims erroneously
acceptedAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1019NOTE 4: An example of industry best
practice reference can be the one-to-one
face matching results reported from the
NIST Face Recognition Vendor Test.NOTE: Source ISO/IEC 19795-
1 [i.17]. BIN-8.4.3-08: Test results for the
biometric face recognition should show
a FRR (false rejection rate) at the level of
industry best practice.NOTE 5: False rejection rate has no impact
on security but on user-friendliness.ETSI 119 461 definities:
False Rejection Rate (FRR)
proportion of verification
transactions with true
biometric claims erroneously
rejected
NOTE: Source ISO/IEC 19795-
1 [i.17]. De Toetreder dient via een
risicoanalyse aan te tonen dat
hierop zicht wordt gehouden. BIN-8.4.3-09: The biometric face
recognition may apply measures to
detect morphed photos in identity
documents.NOTE 6: A morphed photo is created by
merging the face photos of two or more
different persons into one photo. Since
some countries allow persons to bring their
own photo for issuing a passport or
national identity card, there is a risk that
documents are issued with morphed
photos. With a morphed photo, there is a
risk that both/all the persons can be
recognized both by a human registration
officer and by face biometrics with a
reliability above the applied threshold,
meaning more than one person can use the
identity document containing the morphed
photo. NOTE 7: Morphing detection means are best
applied in the binding to applicant step of
an identity proofing process when a new
photo, known not to be morphed, of the
applicant can be compared to the
potentially morphed reference photo.Het voorkomen van morphed
foto's op het WID is een
primaire taak van de uitgever
van het WID. 8.4.4 Binding to applicant by manual face verification
[CONDITONAL] If manual binding of the
applicant to an identity document is
used, the following requirements apply:
BIN-8.4.4-01: The registration officer
shall compare the face photo obtained
from the applicant's identity document Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1020with the applicant's physical appearance,
either from the applicant's the physical
presence or from a video sequence. BIN-8.4.4-02: The registration officer
performing the binding to applicant
shall receive training before being
allowed to make any comparison, with
training repeated or refreshed at least
yearly.EXAMPLE 1: See the FISWG Minimum
Training Criteria for Assessors Using Facial
Recognition Systems [i.22] or for more
extensive description the ENFSI Best Practice
Manual for Facial Image Comparison [i.23],
Appendix A.Bij EXAMPLE 1:
Het FISWG-document
waaraan gerefereerd
wordt is beschikbaar op
de volgende locatie:
https://fiswg.org
/documents.html
Het ENFSI-document
waaraan gerefereerd
wordt is beschikbaar op
de volgende locatie:
https://enfsi.eu
/documents/best-
practice-manuals
BIN-8.4.4-03: The registration officer
shall perform a morphological analysis
according to a defined feature list. EXAMPLE 2: As recommended by the FISWG
Facial Comparison Overview and
Methodology Guidelines [i.20] and the
corresponding checklist in [i.21].Bij EXAMPLE 2: De
documenten waaraan
gerefereerd wordt zijn
beschikbaar op de volgende
locatie:  https://fiswg.org
/documents.html
BIN-8.4.4-04: The registration officer
shall be allowed to spend sufficient time
for the face comparison. NOTE 1: In general, an assessment
according to the FISWG Facial Comparison
Overview and Methodology Guidelines [i. 20] can be sufficient, while a review
according to the same document can be
required at least for remote identity
proofing. BIN-8.4.4-05: The registration officer
shall have tools available to magnify
images to view details. NOTE 2: With physical presence and physical
identity document, this can be a magnifying
glass for the face image printed on the
document. If face images are used,
computerized tools are assumed. [CONDITIONAL] BIN-8.4.4-06: If binding
to applicant is done by comparing face
images or video sequences, the
registration officer should use
computerized tools in the face
comparison.EXAMPLE 3: Tool for superimposition of
images described by the FISWG Facial
Comparison Overview and  Methodology
Guidelines [i.20].Bij EXAMPLE 3: De
documenten waaraan
gerefereerd wordt zijn
beschikbaar op de volgende
locatie:  https://fiswg.org
/documents.html
8.5 Issuing of proof
8.5.1 Result of the identity proofing
ISS-8.5.1-01: The result of the identity
proofing shall be delivered securely to
the trust service provider, regarding the Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1021authenticity, integrity, and
confidentiality of the result. EXAMPLE 1: The result can be digitally
signed and encrypted at the message level or
be transmitted over a properly secured
communication channel. NOTE 1: The present document places no
requirement on the format of the result of
the identity proofing.