Using end-to-end
encryption as described on this page avoids an  becoming an unintended hotspot for Herkenningsmakelaar (HM)
information on service usage.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 616Introduction
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) forms the basis of authentication and authorisation (mandates). PII can lead to
identification of the particular person, either through the data itself (identifiers), or by combining data, leading to
recognising the person through patterns in that data. Within eTD, PII is dispersed over various registers, operated by various
participants. During the authentication and authorisation processes this data must be combined using assertions that are
strongly linked together, in order to firmly establish involved identities and appropriate mandates that can be trusted by
service providers in order to securely provide requested services. Usage of this sensitive data implies that both "security" and "privacy" are important. Security refers to confidentiality,
integrity (among which authenticity) and availability of the information. Privacy aims that the user is always in control of his
/her data, and can trust that only parties for which (s)he gave consent for, have access to that data. In order to protect PII during this process, several measures are taken, jointly called "end-to-end encryption", that are
intended to:
allows only the intended recipients to see data as needed to perform the required service (principle of "least
privilege"); this applies to eTD-participants as well as service providers
prevent "hotspots" to attack; within eTD this applies especially to the HM, since all information is routed through the
HM.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 617Overview of protection measures
The data that must be protected, is categorised as:
identifiers (BSN, pseudonyms, KvK-nrs, etc)
content/attributes (name, address, date of birth, etc)
Both categories contain data that is considered sensitive, but the measures to protect them, while partly overlapping, are
also partly different. Basic measures that apply to both categories, are:
Sensitive data is encrypted for the intended recipient using XML-based encryption to provide confidentiality
for "content" the only valid recipient is the DV (for "identifiers", see below)
note that for Service Intermediation (dienstbemiddeling) it is important to distinguish between the
"dienstbemiddelaar" (DB, Service Broker) and "dienstaanbieder" (DA, service provider); each has its own entry
/service in the Service Catalog, and the data must be encrypted for the appropriate party that provides that
particular service. Assertions are digitally signed to provide proof of integrity/authenticity
Key management is regulated to provide appropriate availability
For "content" these basic measures are deemed sufficient. For "identifiers", on top of these basic measures, some additional measures were taken, because:
some identifiers (especially BSN) are determined as extra sensitive in Dutch law
identifiers are more easily recognised by hackers, and allow for easy correlation of related data
identifiers are sometimes relevant to multiple relying parties (recipients; e.g. DV, MR) and must therefore be
encrypted separately for each recipient
The additional measures for identifiers are:
Pseudonymisation:
Using separate pseudonyms for the user per "relying party" whenever this is sufficient (i.e. no formal
identifier like "BSN" needed)
These pseudonyms are  "relying party", so it can recognise "returning users" persistent per
These pseudonyms are  "relying parties", so users cannot be traced across "relying parties". different across
Encryption of identifiers
All identifiers (including the pseudonyms) are encrypted during transfer in each assertion
The "encrypted value" is different during each "transfer", so in-between parties (e.g. HM) cannot relate
various "transfers" of the same identifier
For identifiers and pseudonyms based on the "BSN", and the "eIDAS Uniqueness Identifier", polymorphic
is used encryption
In the future, polymorphic encryption could also be used for other identifier typesAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 618Note that using the BSN for polymorphic encryption, requires "activation" of the BSN at BSNk. BSNk only allows this
activation if a minimum authentication of LoA 3 (substantial) is provided.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 619Impact on interfaces
The measures described above are applied in different ways, depending on the situation. The relevant situations are
detemined by aspects like:
"is the acting person acting for him/herself (no representation), or someone else (representation of person or
organisation)",
"is the BSN required or not",
"is the BSN known by the eTD-participant or not", and
"what version of the interfaces are supported by the Service Provider". Normal "content" is only intended for the Service Provider (and not for any of the eTD-participants). This means that when
this data is deemed sensitive, it is always XML-encrypted with the public key of the Service Provider, as provided in the Service
Catalog. Therefore only the Service Provider can access this data. For "identifiers", the sections below apply.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 6201. 2.