8.2 Attribute and evidence collection
8.2.1 General requirementsDe eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.1 en 2.1.2. COL-8.2.1-01: The identity attributes
required for the identity proofing Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1025context shall be defined and collected. COL-8.2.1-02: The identity attributes
collected shall provide unique
identification of the applicant for the
identity proofing context. COL-8.2.1-03: The identity attributes
shall be validated by use of one or more
authoritative evidence.NOTE 1: An identity proofing process can use
multiple evidence, including several evidence
of the same type, e.g. several identity
documents, either routinely, or with further
evidence added if identity proofing using the
initial evidence yields insufficient reliability of
the result. COL-8.2.1-04: The evidence collected
shall meet the requirements of the
identity proofing context.NOTE 2: The identity proofing context can pose
requirements for the use of specific types of
evidence, e.g. resulting from applicable legislation. COL-8.2.1-05: The evidence shall be
issued by entities trusted in the identity
proofing context.NOTE 3: Meaning that the evidence can be
validated and that the reliability of the
attributes conveyed can be assessed. COL-8.2.1-06: A list of the identity
proofing use cases supported, the
evidence that can be trusted, and, as far
as possible, the identity proofing
contexts supported shall be published.NOTE 4: Identification of use cases can be by
reference to clause 9 of the present document. NOTE 5: While the list of evidence that can be
trusted is required to be comprehensive, a
specific identity proofing context can place
restrictions on the selection of evidence
applicable to the identity proofing context. COL-8.2.1-07: The freshness of the
identity information obtained from
evidence shall be evaluated against the
freshness requirements of the identity
proofing context.EXAMPLE: A passport can have a lifetime of 10
years, and an eID or signing certificate can
have a lifetime of 2-5 years, meaning the
identity attributes obtained from this evidence
can have changed since the
evidence was issued. Some evidence issuers
can apply revocation and re-issuing if
information
changes. NOTE 6: If the information conveyed from an
evidence does not fulfil the information
freshness requirements of the identity
proofing context, the situation can be
compensated by the use of supplementary
evidence. 8.2.2 Attribute collection
8.2.2.1 Attribute collection for natural personDe eisen in deze paragraaf
zijn onderdeel van het
Normenkader
betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.1.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1026[CONDITONAL] If the applicant is a
natural person, the requirements in the
present clause apply. COL-8.2.2.1-01: For each identity
proofing context supported, the means
used to collect identity attributes for a
natural person shall be documented
and published.EXAMPLES:
• From a physical identity document by
transcription or scanning (e.g. OCR reading). • From a digital identity document.