3. Interface specifications AD-BSNk
The most recent version of the technical BSNk specifications are available on  or on https://wiki.bsn-koppelregister.nl/
request (beheerorganisatie BSNk through . The information below is for information only. servicecentrum@logius.nl)
In order to provide a polymorphic pseudonym and/or identity of the acting user, an interface is necessary beween the AD/MU
and BSNk. This interface facilitates three functions:
It implements for the MU. AUC6 Activeren BSN
It implements   so the AD can transform the PI into the EI or the PP into an EP. AUC10 Transformeren
It registers the status of the authentication means in the BSNk inzageregister. The <ReadableCardInfo> that SHOULD
be used is "eHerkenningsmiddel bij <naam aanbieder>"Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 607
Interface specifications MR-BSNk
The most recent version of the technical BSNk specifications are available on  or on https://wiki.bsn-koppelregister.nl/
request (beheerorganisatie BSNk through . The information below is for information only. servicecentrum@logius.nl)
In order to realize s tep 7 in the   an interface is necessary beween the MR and AUC3.1 Registreren bevoegdheid eenmanszaken
BSNk. This interface wil implement  for the MR. In order to facilitate the AUC6 Activeren BSN transformation of the PI or PP
this interface will also implement  . This will allow the MR to AUC10 Transformeren transform the PI  into the EI or the PP into
of the owner of the sole trader for the DV who requested this information. an EP
The correct recipientKeySetVersion used in this transformation MUST be  read from the  by reading the Service catalog
field BSNk-recipientKeySetVersion. If no BSNk-recipientKeySetVersion has been set, the RKSV MUST be derived from the
.notBefore (YYYYMMDD notation) date of the most recent issued (using validity.notBefore) certificate of the service validity
instance in the . Service catalog
On a technical level this interface to the  is identical (a specified SOAPaction will be used between MR and BSNk) Interface
. The MR MUST implement  communicating to the BSNk. Specifications aux MR - BSNk this interface as if it were an ADAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 608Information security requirements
This chapter describes the requirements that apply to the information security measures that are implemented. Digital signature
DNSSEC
Encryption
SAML encryption  — Encryption in combination with SAML is achieved via XML-encryption. This paragraph
provides an explanation of encrypted elements as well as elements encrypted to multiple recipients. End-to-end encryption  — End-to-end encryption is applied in Elektronische Toegangsdiensten to protect privacy of
anyone (acting users) or organisations (especially "single person businesses" or "eenmanszaak"). The BSN is one of
the main privacy concerns, following from Dutch law, but other personally identifiable information must also be
protected. Using end-to-end encryption as described on this page avoids an Herkenningsmakelaar (HM) becoming an
unintended hotspot for information on service usage. PKIoverheid
Secure connection
Secure cookies
Synchronize system clocksAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 609Digital signature
To guarantee authenticity, integrity and non-repudiation, each message described MUST be provided with a digital signature
from the message sender. The message recipient MUST validate all of the digital signatures in the message before processing
it. The recipient MUST check that the message is signed with a valid digital signature that envelopes the whole message
with Enveloped Signature Transform.