PDF), structured data (e. g. XML, JSON), or an identity assertion (e.g. OIDC, SAML). NOTE 2: The result of the identity proofing
process can convey the attributes that are
verified and the LoIP, but can even be a
simple 'success' or 'failure' statement
meaning that identity attributes provided by
the TSP at the start of the identity proofing
process are verified (or not) against the
applicant to the required LoIP. NOTE 3: The present document makes no
assumption on the attributes to convey,
whether the applicant is a natural person, a
legal person, or a natural person
representing a legal person (roles or
authorizations can be relevant in the latter
case). NOTE 4: The present document makes no
assumptions on the information to convey
for identity proofing processes that do not
complete successfully.Bij NOTE 2: voor ETD
/eHerkenning kan de term
TSP gelezen worden als
middeluitgever (MU). Bij NOTE 3: 'legal person' is in
deze context niet relevant
voor de Nederlandse situatie. ISS-8.5.1-02: The result of the identity
proofing process shall convey the LoIP
achieved by the identity proofing process
for the identity attributes required for
the unique identification of the
applicant in the identity proofing
context. EXAMPLE 2: By referring to the Baseline
LoIP defined by the present document.Bij EXAMPLE 2:  ETSI 119 461
definities:
baseline LoIP
Level of Identity Proofing
(LoIP) reaching a high level of
confidence based on the
fulfilment of general good
practice requirements for the
identity proofing process and
considered suitable for the
trust services policies
currently defined by ETSI
standards
ISS-8.5.1-03: The result of the identity
proofing process may convey LoIP
separately for individual identity
attributes that are not required for
unique identification in the identity Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1022proofing context and where these LoIPs
differ from the overall result of the
identity proofing process. 8.5.2 Evidence of the identity proofing process
ISS-8.5.2-01: Evidence of the identity
proofing process shall be gathered and
retained in compliance with the identity
proofing context.NOTE 1: Evidence can be retained in digital
or paper format. NOTE 2: The need to retain evidence of
identity proofing processes that did not
complete successfully can be determined by
the identity proofing context. NOTE 3: Gathering and retention of
evidence is required to comply with
applicable data protection legislation,
notably GDPR if the identity proofing
process is carried out under the legislation
of an EU Member StateDe bewaartermijnen dienen
conform AVG te worden
vastgesteld. ISS-8.5.2-02: The evidence of the
identity proofing process shall document
the identity evidence used in the identity
proofing process and the issuer or source
of that evidence.EXAMPLE 1: An identity document can be
identified by the issuer name and document
number, or by retaining a copy of the
document, possibly in the form of a video
sequence or image if a physical identity
document is used. Retaining a copy can,
depending on the identity proofing context,
be required, allowed, or forbidden. ISS-8.5.2-03: The evidence of the
identity proofing process should
completely document the identity
proofing process. EXAMPLE 2: Including video sequences used
in a remote identity proofing process;
however, retaining video sequences or
images of a human applicant can,
depending on the identity proofing context,
be required, allowed, or forbidden. ISS-8.5.2-04: Evidence of the identity
proofing process shall be retained for the
necessary retention time given by the
identity proofing context.EXAMPLE 3: A typical requirement from a
TSP is to retain evidence of the identity
proofing process as long as the applicant
remains a subject/subscriber of the TSP plus
several of years after that time.De bewaartermijnen dienen
conform AVG te worden
vastgesteld. Bij EXAMPLE 3: voor ETD
/eHerkenning kan de term
TSP gelezen worden als
middeluitgever (MU). ISS-8.5.2-05: The evidence of the
identity proofing process shall be stored
in a tamper-proof way. ISS-8.5.2-06: The evidence of the
identity proofing process shall be stored
in a way that guarantees the
confidentiality of the information.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1023ISS-8.5.2-07: The evidence of the
identity proofing process shall be stored
in a way that ensures the possibility to
search, retrieve, and re-verify the identity
proofing result.NOTE 4: Offline storage or other means that
will result in a prolonged response time are
acceptable. ISS-8.5.2-08: At the end of the retention
time defined by ISS 8.5.2-04, the
evidence of the identity proofing process
and all personal data on the applicant
shall be deleted.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1024
Eisen Identificatie op Afstand niet van toepassing
Onderstaande eisen zijn een selectie van de eisen in ETSI TS 119 461 . welke niet van toepassing zijn verklaard voor v1.1.1
Elektronische Toegangsdiensten, met een onderbouwing waarom deze niet van toepassing zijn verklaard. hoofdstuk / paragraaf / norm toelichting ETSI eTD onderbouwing ' reeds
bestaande eisen in
afsprakenstelsel'
5 Operational risk assessment Eisen zijn onderdeel van het
Afsprakenstelsel ETD. 6 Policies and practices Eisen zijn onderdeel van het
Afsprakenstelsel ETD. 7 Identity proofing service management and operation Eisen zijn onderdeel van het
Afsprakenstelsel ETD. 8 Identity proofing service requirements
8.1 Initiation
INI-8.1-01: The applicant shall be
informed of, and shall accept, the
purpose of the identity proofing and
the related terms and conditions as
required by the identity proofing
context.Eis is onderdeel van het
Normenkader
Betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.1.1. INI-8.1-02: If alternative identity
proofing processes are available to
achieve the purpose of the identity
proofing, the applicant shall be
allowed to select which of the
alternative processes to use.NOTE 1: A physical or digital identity
document as defined in the present document
will usually represent a natural person only. Identity documents that evidence that a
natural person represents a legal person can be
envisaged but cannot be assumed to be
generally available.Het is aan de leveranciers
om een passend proces aan
de klanten aan te bieden. INI-8.1-03: The applicant shall receive
clear guidance regarding how the
identity proofing process will be carried
out, regarding the identity information
that will be collected, regarding the
evidence that the applicant is required
to present, and regarding any tool that
the applicant is required to use.EXAMPLE 1: Information on the applicable
data protection rules, notably GDPR if the
identity proofing process is carried out under
the legislation of an EU Member State. EXAMPLE 2: The identity proofing process can
require the use of a specific type of device (e.g. a smartphone) with the installation of specific
software (e.g. an app).Eis is onderdeel van het
Normenkader
Betrouwbaarheidsniveaus,
paragraaf 2.2.2.