1. Pseudonyms
A user may be referred to as follows:
In the event of representation:
inside the network with an  issued by the AD; and Internal pseudonym
inside and outside of the network with a  issued by the MR Specific pseudonym
In the event of non-representation:
Inside and outside of the network with a  issued by the AD Specific pseudonym
For polymorfe pseudonimisering  the following pseudonyms are discerned in the Afsprakenstelsel ETD:
Pseudonyms Transformation of Unique to  May be transformed into
Polymorphic
Pseudonyma cryptographic derivative of a root
identifying attribute, such as the BSNa
Participant
(MU/AD),Encrypted Pseudonym
Polymorfe
IdentiteitEncrypted Identity
Encrypted
PseudonymPolymorphic Pseudonym a Relying
PartyPersistent Pseudonym
Encrypted
IdentityIdentity, equal to the root identifying attribute the
original PIP was derived from, such as BSN. Persistent
PseudonymEncrypted Pseudonym -
Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 669Encrypted Pseudonym  — An Encrypted Pseudonym is a Persistent Pseudonym encrypted under Polymoprohic
Pseudonimization for a specific recipient. Internal pseudonym  — The internal pseudonym is determined by the AD and MUST be unique within the AD its
context. Every time the same authentication token is used, it should return the same internal pseudonym. When
requested by the user, a new pseudonym MAY always be ignored. An internal pseudonym that has been used MUST
NOT be reused. The only exception is when an authentication token is replaced and the AD can determine with
sufficient certainty that it is really being replaced. In this case, the same internal pse
Persistent Pseudonym  — A Persistent Pseudonym is a pseudonym identifier for a natural person specific for the
relying party, that is persistent independent of the Attesting Party. Polymorphic Pseudonym  — A Polymorphic Pseudonym is a cryptographic structure that can be transformed into a
specific Encrypted Pseudonym, without disclosing the relevant subject due to Polymorphic Pseudonimization. Specific pseudonym  — The specific pseudonym is unique for each different combination of user, represented service
consumer, intermediary and service provider.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 670Encrypted Pseudonym
An  Pseudonym is a   encrypted under Polymoprohic Pseudonimization for a specific Encrypted Persistent Pseudonym
recipient. An Encrypted Pseudonym is derived from a Polymorphic Pseudonym. Due to the cryptographic nature of an Encrypted
Pseudonym, it can be derived from a Polymorphic Pseudonym and randomized without disclosing the actual pseudonym or
identity of the subject. The  will include an Encrypted Pseudonym in the Assertion for every  party (Ontvangende Partij). The Attesting Party relying
Encrypted Pseudonym is specific for the recipient and can be decrypted to a  . Persistent PseudonymAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 671Internal pseudonym
The internal pseudonym is determined by the AD and MUST be unique within the AD its context. Every time the same
authentication token is used, it should return the same internal pseudonym. When requested by the user, a new pseudonym
MAY always be ignored. An internal pseudonym that has been used MUST NOT be reused. The only exception is when an
authentication token is replaced and the AD can determine with sufficient certainty that it is really being replaced. In this
case, the same internal pseudonym MAY be used for the new authentication token. The format of the internal pseudonym MUST have a hexadecimal value of 32 byte. For
example, ABCDEF1234567890ABCDEF1234567890ABCDEF1234567890ABCDEF1234567890Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 672Persistent Pseudonym
A Persistent Pseudonym is  for a natural person specific for the relying party, that is persistent a pseudonym identifier
independent of the  .A Persistent Pseudonym is an identifier for a natural person, that a relying party will Attesting Party
obtain after decrypting an  . Encrypted Pseudonym
The resulting pseudonym is independent of the entity  the pseudonym for the User, thus does not differ between asserting
one Attesting Party or another. The resulting pseudonym is specific to the relying party, thus preserving privacy of the user by preventing linking across
relying organisations. Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 673Polymorphic Pseudonym
A Polymorphic Pseudonym is a   that can be transformed into a specific  , cryptographic structure Encrypted Pseudonym
without disclosing the relevant subject due to Polymorphic Pseudonimization.A Polymorphic Pseudonym is derived from
the identity of a natural person. The Polymorphic Pseudonym can be transformed into an   specific for Encrypted Pseudonym
a relying party, without disclosing the original identity. A Polymorphic Pseudonym is specific for a natural person for usage at a specific . Hereby Polymorphic Attesting Party
Pseudonyms support compartmentalization between different Attesting Parties, since it can only be used in the context of
that specific Attesting Party.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 674
1. 2. 1.