NOTE 11: The document type, e.g. a
passport of a specific country, can be an
input parameter to the analysis, or the
analysis can determine the type by
automated means. NOTE 12: Automated and manual analysis
can be used in combination, e.g. with fall-
back to manual analysis if the automated
process yields an uncertain result, or by
using automated analysis as a tool for a
human registration officer. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-19: If
automated means and machine-learning
technology are used to analyse physical
identity documents, the video stream
recorded according to requirement VAL-
8.3.3.-04 shall be of sufficient quality for
the analysis. [CONDITONAL] VAL-8.3.3-20: If
automated means and machine-learning
technology are used to analyse physical
identity documents, the algorithms and
technology shall be systematically tested
against reference datasets and be kept
updated to cope with changes in the
threats and risk situation. 8.4 Binding to applicant
8.4.1 General requirements
BIN-8.4.1-01: The identity proofing
process shall verify that the applicant is
the legitimate evidence holder. BIN-8.4.1-02: The identity proofing
process shall verify that the evidence is in
the possession of the applicant.NOTE 1: For the evidence types existing eID
means and existing digital signature means,
no specific binding requirements are
needed since the validation of the evidence
also verifies the binding. This is under the Bij NOTE 1: 'existing eID
means' is voor ETD
/eHerkenning niet van
toepassing in relatie tot
identificatie op afstand.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1016assumption that only the applicant can use
the eID means or digital signature means. NOTE 2: For the supplementary evidence
types trusted register, proof of access, and
documents and attestations, no specific
binding requirements are needed. If the
binding of the authoritative evidence
(identity document, eID means, or digital
signature means) to the applicant is
successful, and the supplementary evidence
is validated and identifies the same person,
the supplementary evidence is considered
bound to the applicant. 8.4.2 Capture of face image of the applicant
[CONDITONAL] If the applicant is a
natural person, and an identity
document is used as evidence, and the
identity proofing process is carried out
remotely, the following requirements
apply. BIN-8.4.2-01: A video stream of the
applicant's face shall be captured.NOTE 1: The video stream and images
extracted from the stream can be used for
binding to applicant by both face biometrics
and manual means. BIN-8.4.2-02: The video capture process
shall apply liveness detection measures
to ensure that the video stream is of a
live person present in front of the
camera at the time of the identity
proofing.NOTE 2: It is required that this happens at
the time of the identity proofing;
submission of a pre-recorded video stream
is considered not to meet the requirements
for identity proofing to Baseline LoIP. A part
of liveness detection can be instructing the
applicant to perform certain actions, where
the specific actions or their sequence are
unpredictable to the applicant. BIN-8.4.2-03: The video stream capture
should apply measures to detect
artificially generated or manipulated face
appearance.NOTE 3: Such attacks are sometimes termed
"deep fake" attacks. [CONDITIONAL] BIN-8.4.2-04: If the
video stream is captured on the
applicant's device, the identity proofing
process shall ensure that the video
stream is transmitted to an environment
controlled by the actor responsible for
the identity proofing process in a
manner that ensures authenticity,
integrity, and confidentiality of the video
stream.NOTE 4: In particular to protect against
replay attack with an injection of another
video stream in the process. NOTE 5: This can rely on the applicant's use
of software approved for the identity
proofing process, e.g. mobile app
functionality.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1017[CONDITIONAL] BIN-8.4.2-05: If face
biometrics is used for binding to
applicant, at least one image of sufficient
quality for binding to applicant shall be
extracted from the video stream. BIN-8.4.2-06: The video stream capture
shall apply PAD measures in compliance
with ISO/IEC 30107-3 [3]. BIN-8.4.2-07: The  should be PAD
evaluated according to ISO/IEC 19989-3
[i.18].NOTE 6: ISO/IEC 19989-3 [i.18] specifies
security evaluation of PAD applying
Common Criteria (ISO/IEC 15408 [i.24]).Presentation Attack Detection
(PAD): automated
determination of a
presentation attack
BIN-8.4.2-08: Test results for the PAD
shall achieve an APCER (attack
presentation classification error rate) as
defined by ISO/IEC 30107-3 [3] at the
level of industry best practice.NOTE 7: No specific number is specified for
the APCER. Rapid technology improvement
can lead to significant progress in industry
best practice APCER performance even in
the short term.APCER = attack presentation
classification error rate
proportion of attack
presentations using the same
PAI species incorrectly
classified as bona fide
presentations in a specific
scenario
Bron: ISO30107-
3: Information technology —
Biometric presentation attack
detection — Part 3: Testing
and reporting, paragraaf 3.2.1
BIN-8.4.2-09: Test results for the PAD
should achieve BPCER (bona fide
presentation classification error rate) as
defined by ISO/IEC 30107-3 [3] at the
level of industry best practice.NOTE 8: The BPCER has no impact on
security but on user-friendliness.BPCER = bona fide
presentation classification
error rate
proportion of bona fide
presentations incorrectly
classified as presentation
attacks in a specific scenario
Bron: ISO30107-
3: Information technology —
Biometric presentation attack
detection — Part 3: Testing
and reporting, paragraaf 3.2.2
Dit is een kwaliteitsnorm
voor
gebruikersvriendelijkheid. De
toetreder dient via een
risicoanalyse aan te tonen dat
hierop zicht wordt gehouden. BIN-8.4.2-10: The PAD measures and
APCER and BPCER rates shall be kept up
to date concerning advances in the threat
landscape and available technology.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 10188.4.3 Binding to applicant by automated face biometrics
[CONDITONAL] If binding to applicant is
by automated face biometrics, the
following requirements apply:NOTE 1: Use of other biometric means than
face biometrics is currently out of scope but
can be a future possibility.