7. Organisation to organisation (chain authorisation)
The AD provides to the HM:
an encrypted  of the user for the MR, as EncryptedID, encrypted to the MR Internal pseudonym
any identifiers as specified in the ActingSubjectTypesAllowed in the appropriate service in the service catalog,
as EncryptedIDs, encrypted to the DV
The HM
forwards this in the request to the MR of the user (MR1)
is not able to access the value of the pseudonym and is not able to trace recurring users. MR1
decrypts the pseudonym from the HM request
selects the user authorization for organisation A (Intermediary organisation). allows the user to choose the ultimate represented party (organisation B)
provides a response to the HM with:
the  of the user to the HM as EncryptedID, encrypted to the DV Specific pseudonym
the standard identifier of the organisation A (intermediary organisation) as EncryptedID, encrypted to
MR2 and DV
an "obligation" with the following data related to the ultimate "represented party"
the "default identifier" (currently KvK-nr), as EncryptedID, encrypted to MR2
the "identity of the expected mandates register". The HM
forwards this information in a request to the MR of the represented party (MR2)
is not able to access the value of the pseudonym and is not able to trace recurring users. MR2
decrypts the EncryptedIDs (encrypted to MR2) for the intermediary organisation (A) and represented
organisation (B);
selects the appropriate authorization of intermediary organisation (A) for represented organisation (B);
provides a response to the HM with any identifiers of the "represented entity" as specified in the
EntityConcernedTypesAllowed in the service definition as EncryptedIDs, encrypted to the DV. The HM provides in its response to the DV
the EncryptedIDs (encrypted to the DV) of organisation A and B and
the EncryptedIDs (encrypted to the DV) of the acting user
The DV decrypts the EncryptedID's of both organisations and the user as it sees fit, and uses them for its business
processes.Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 626PKIoverheid
In order to use PKIoverheid properly, message recipients MUST meet the requirements for the receiving party described in
the PKIoverheid Programma van Eisen (PKIoverheid Requirements), refer to  https://www.logius.nl/ondersteuning
. /pkioverheid/aansluiten-als-csp/programma-van-eisen/
The following aspects are important:
Trust the root certificates which are still valid and not revoked from the website   The https://cert.pkioverheid.nl/;
following PKI root certificates are NOT allowed:
So called "TEST certificaten"
Roots which are marked with "Persoon"
Know and trust all valid domain and TSP certificates under the PKIo hierarchy, refer to   https://cert.pkioverheid.nl/,
with the exception of the folowing domains:
Organisatie Persoon
Burger
Autonome apparaten
Private Personen
Check the PKIoverheid CRL on   regularly; https://crl.pkioverheid.nl
Participants MUST process and handle changes made on the pages  and  https://cert.pkioverheid.nl/ https://crl. within 10 business days. pkioverheid.nlAfsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 627Secure connection
The network wants to promote the use of strong cipher suites with minimum discomfort for end-users. Those roles that are
in direct contact with their customers (e.g. a HM with it's DV's and an AD/MR with its users) are allowed to tighten security
based on their risk analysis.