b.t. de fysieke kenmerken van
de houder. Overige
informatie over de uiterlijke
kenmerken op het
identiteitsdocument is voor
ETD/eHerkenning geen
vereiste. COL-8.2.3-03: For each identity proofing
context supported, a list of the identity
documents that are accepted shall be
documented and published.EXAMPLE: The list can consist of document
types, e.g. all passports, or named
documents, e.g. passports and national
identity cards from specific countries.Voor ETD/eHerkenning is de
eis alleen van toepassing op
identificatie op afstand en
worden alleen paspoorten en
nationale identiteitskaarten,
zoals vermeld bij PRADO,
geaccepteerd. PRADO is beschikbaar op de
volgende locatie:
https://www.consilium. europa.eu/prado/nl
[CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.3-04: If
physical identity documents are used as
evidence, only passports, national
identity cards and other official identity
documents that according to the identity
proofing context offer comparable
reliability of the identity shall be
accepted; where the judgement on
comparable reliability shall be based on
an assessment of the security features
and issuance process of the other
identity document towards the security
features and issuance process of passport
and/or identity card.NOTE 5: The comparable reliability of other
identity documents can be based on a
comparison of protection against known
threats. NOTE 6: Some countries issue national
identity cards or have valid national identity
cards that are below current practice in the
security of national identity documents. Identity proofing context requirements can
be to not accept such national identity cards.Voor ETD/eHerkenning is de
eis alleen van toepassing op
identificatie op afstand en
worden alleen paspoorten en
nationale identiteitskaarten,
zoals vermeld bij PRADO,
geaccepteerd. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.3-05: If
physical identity documents are used as
evidence, the documents shall be NOTE 7: Meaning the applicant is required
to present the original in the identity
proofing process to evidence proof of Afsprakenstelsel Elektronische Toegangsdiensten | pagina 1009presented in their original form. possession of the identity document; the
identity proofing process can subsequently
capture another representation of the
document, e.g. by a video sequence, photo,
or scan. [CONDITIONAL] COL-8.2.3-06: If digital
identity documents are used as evidence,
only eMRTD digital identity documents
according to ICAO 9303 part 10 [2] and
other digital documents that according
to the identity proofing context offer
comparable reliability of the identity
shall be accepted; where the judgement
on comparable reliability shall be based
on an assessment of the security features
and issuance process of the other
identity document towards the security
features and issuance process required by
ICAO 9303 part 10.NOTE 8: The comparable reliability of other
identity documents can be based on a
comparison of protection against known
threats.Voor ETD/eHerkenning wordt
eMRTD alleen geaccepteerd
als de data uit de chip
gevalideerd kan worden door
een controle van de digitale
handtekening van het
betreffende land. Een gevolg
hiervan is, onder meer, dat
een rijbewijs niet kan worden
geaccepteerd voor
identificatie op afstand. Zie ook eis 8.3.2-02 NOTE 2.