Version for R for Windows FAQ Table of Contents 1 Introduction This FAQ is for the Windows port of R: it describes features specific to
that version. The main R FAQ can be found at The information here applies only to recent versions of R for Windows. It is biased towards users of 64-bit Windows and since R 4.2.0, only 64-bit
builds of R are provided. 2 Installation and Usage 2.1 Where can I find the latest version? Go to any CRAN site (see for a list), navigate to the directory and
collect the file(s) you need. The current release is distributed as an
installer ‘ ’ of about 80MB. There are also links on that page to the ‘ ’ and
‘ ’ snapshots. These are frequently updated builds of
development versions of R. The ‘ ’ build includes bug
fixes to the current release, and ‘ ’ contains these as well
as changes that are planned to eventually make it into the next
‘ ’ release. ‘ ’ is less stable and likely to contain
bugs, be careful if you use it. 2.2 How do I install R for Windows? Current binary versions of R are known to run on Windows 7 or later. R 4.1
is the last version that supported 32-bit versions: See . Windows Vista is no longer supported. R 4.2.0 and later require the Universal C Runtime (UCRT), which is included in
Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016 or newer. On earlier versions of Windows,
UCRT has to be installed before installing R. UCRT is available for Windows since
Windows Vista SP2 and Windows Server 2008 SP2. We primarily test on versions of Windows currently supported by Microsoft,
recently mainly Windows 10, Windows Server 2022 and sometimes on Windows 11. The most thorough testing is done via CRAN packages checks: for R 4.3 this
has been on Windows Server 2022. R 4.3.0 has been tested to install, start
and pass its own checks also on Windows 7 and Windows 8.1, but it has not
been tested with contributed packages. For UTF-8 to be the native encoding, you need R at least 4.2 and at least
Windows 10 (version 1903) on desktop systems, Windows Server 2022 on
long-term support server systems or Windows Server 1903 from the semi-annual
channel. Your file system must allow case-honouring long file names (as is likely
except perhaps for some network-mounted systems). An installation takes
up to 175MB of disk space. We tried to make R to work with space in file names, but building of some
packages from source may not work as this is little tested. By default,
most versions of Windows have short names (aka 8dot3names) enabled by
default on the system drive, and hence folder has a
short-name variant ‘ ’, which is then used by R. When R is
installed on a different drive, we recommend that you ensure that the short
name is available or choose an installation directory name without space,
such as . You can check whether the short name is available from
R by or by from the
‘ ’. If it is not, you may create it using , e.g. and .