You
will have a shortcut to on your desktop and/or somewhere
on the Start menu file tree, and perhaps also in the Quick Launch part
of the taskbar (Vista and earlier). Right-click each shortcut, select
Properties... and change the ‘Start in’ field to your working directory. Also, you need to remove the argument in the Target
field, which implements the default behavior. (If your account was not the one used for installation, you may need to
copy the shortcut before editing it.) On some systems with R prior to 4.2 you will have two shortcuts, one for
32-bit with a label starting and one for 64-bit starting (see ) You may also want to add command-line arguments at the end of the
Target field ( any final double quote, and separated by a
space), for example . You can also set
environment variables at the end of the Target field, for example , and if you want to ensure that menus and
messages are in (American) English, . 2.3 How do I check an installation is not corrupt? Relates to earlier installers, removed in R 2.11.0. 2.4 Can I customize the installation? The normal way to customize the installation is by selecting components
from the wizards shown by the installer. However, sysadmins might like
to install R from scripts, and the following command-line flags are
available for use with the installer. only show the installation progress window and error messages. only show error messages. set the default installation directory set the default Start-menu group name set the initial list of components: Components are named ‘ ’,
‘ ’ (up to R 4.1), ‘ ’ and ‘ ’. install for the current user only even if the current user has Administrator
privileges It is also possible to save the settings used to a file and later
reload those settings using save the settings to the specified file. Don’t forget to use the quotes if
the filename contains spaces. instructs the installer to load the settings from the specified file
after having checked the command line. A successful installation has exit code 0: unsuccessful ones may give 1,
2, 3, 4 or 5. See the help for Inno Setup
( ) for details. 2.5 How do I run it? Just double-click on the shortcut you prepared at installation. If you want to set up another project, make a new shortcut or use the
existing one and change the ‘Start in’ field of the Properties. You may if you prefer run R from the command line of any shell you use,
for example a ‘Command Prompt’ or a port of a Unix shell such as or . (The command line can be anything you
would put in the Target field of a shortcut, and the starting directory
will be the current working directory of the shell. Note that the R
executables are not by default added to the .)  People running
from a terminal usually prefer to run and not . 2.6 Can I run R from a CD or USB drive? Yes, with care. A basic R installation is relocatable, so you can burn
an image of the R installation on your hard disc or install directly
onto a removable storage device such as a flash-memory USB drive. Running R does need access to a writable temporary directory and to a
home directory, and in the last resort these are taken to be the current
directory. This should be no problem on a properly configured version
of Windows, but otherwise does mean that it may not be possible to run R
without creating a shortcut starting in a writable folder. 2.7 How do I UNinstall R? Normally you can do this from the ‘ ’ group in
the Control Panel. If it does not appear there, run in the top-level installation directory.