If it does not appear there, run in the top-level installation directory. On recent versions of Windows
you may be asked to confirm that you wish to run a program from an
‘unknown’ or ‘unidentified’ publisher. Uninstalling R only removes files from the initial installation, not
(for example) packages you have installed or updated in your personal
library. If all else fails, you can just delete the whole directory in which R
was installed. 2.8 What’s the best way to upgrade? That’s a matter of taste. For most people the best thing to do is to
uninstall R (see the previous Q), install the new version, and then handle
the library. For those with a personal library (folder of
your directory in R since 4.2.0, or of your home
directory with earlier versions of R), nothing has to be done when the
major and minor version of R ( ) stays the same, but it may still be
an opportunity to run . When the minor or even major version of R changes, one has to install all
required packages again. The new version of R will use a different location
for the personal library and the old personal library will be left intact
(it may be deleted manually when no longer needed). Installed packages
should not be copied from the old library to the new one, because they may
be incompatible with the new version of R. 2.9 How can I keep workspaces for different projects in different directories? Create a separate shortcut for each project: see Q2.5. All the paths to
files used by R are relative to the starting directory, so setting the
‘Start in’ field (and removing the argument) automatically helps separate projects. Alternatively, start R by double-clicking on a saved file
in the directory for the project you want to use, or drag-and-drop a
file with extension onto an R shortcut. In either case,
the working directory will be set to that containing the file. 2.10 How do I print from R? It depends what you want to print. 2.11 Can I use ? Yes: use or for full details. You can also set up a batch file using . A sample
batch file might contain (as one line) The purpose of is to redirect warnings and errors to the
same file as normal output. 2.12 Can I use R-4.3.3 with ESS and Emacs? Yes. ESS has for a long time supported R under Windows: it does so by
running without a visible console. For help with ESS, please send email to ,
not the R mailing lists. 2.13 What are HOME and working directories? Several places in the documentation use these terms. The working directory is the directory from which or was launched, unless a shortcut was used when it is given
by the ‘Start in’ field of the shortcut’s properties (or was passed as argument). You can find this
from R code by the call . The home directory (sometimes referred to as user’s home directory, but not
R home directory) is set as follows: If environment variable is set, its value is used. Otherwise if environment
variable is set, its value is used. After those two
user-controllable settings, R tries to find system-defined home
directories. It first tries to use the Windows "personal" directory
(typically ). If that fails (but that
is not expected on current Windows), if both
environment variables and are set (and
they normally are), the value is . If
all of these fail, the current working directory is used. You can find the home directory from R code by or , ‘ ’ being Unix notation for the home
directory. Note that some distributions of Unix utilities for Windows, such
as Msys2 (and hence Rtools) or cygwin set the environment variable to a user directory of their choice. When R is invoked from a
shell of such an distribution, the home directory in R would hence
typically not be the Windows "personal" directory. With Rtools40,
Rtools42 and Rtools43, it is the user profile (e.g. ). The R home directory is the directory where R was installed. You can find
this from R code by or . From
outside R, you can find it by invoking .