Sometimes mirrors do
get behind, so you could try another mirror. The latest version of the package might require a later version of R
than the one you are using. You can check on the package’s HTML page on
CRAN, and update your R if needed. Your R might be too old. Binary packages for the 3.6 series were
built until Apr 2021, and were discontinued for earlier versions by
early 2020. Packages for R 4.x are built (if possible) whilst 4.(x+1)
is current, but building stops once 4.(x+2) reaches alpha (pre-release,
about a month before release). You can always try installing from the
sources. 4.14 No binary packages appear to be available for my version of R How old is it? The CRAN policy is to archive binary packages two years
after the 3.x or 4.x series is closed. Other repositories may do so
sooner. If you are using an R version that old we advise you to update your R,
but you do also have the option of installing packages from their
source. 4.15 How do I build my package for both 32- and 64-bit R? Since R 4.2.0, 32-bit builds are no longer provided. The following
information refers to previous versions of R. Packages without compiled code nor a script will
run on both 32- and 64-bit R. Packages with compiled code but no nor file will be built for both when running on a
64-bit version of Windows if both versions of R are installed. An empty is treated in the same way as if none
existed. Also, there is a list of packages known to have an
architecture-independent hardcoded into , and for these packages, both architectures will be built
under the above conditions. Other packages can be installed with run for just the first architecture by using option . Any package can be installed for first one architecture and then the
other with option , but the package source
must be a tarball (and as before, running on a 64-bit version of Windows
with both versions of R installed). Finally, a package without a file and no or
empty or architecture-independent file can be
installed for both architectures from 32-bit Windows if the 64-bit
components were selected when R was installed and option is given. Obviously, only the 32-bit
installation can be tested. 5 Windows Features 5.1 What should I expect to behave differently from the Unix version of R? 5.2 I hear about some nifty features: please tell me about them! You have read the file ? There are file menus on
the R console, pager and graphics windows. You can source and save from
those menus, and copy the graphics to , , , , or . There are
right-click menus giving shortcuts to menu items, and optionally
toolbars with buttons giving shortcuts to frequent operations. If you resize the R console the is automatically
set to the console width (unless disabled in the configuration file). The graphics has a history mechanism. As says: ‘The History menu allows the recording of plots. When plots have been
recorded they can be reviewed by and , saved and
replaced. Recording can be turned on automatically (the Recording item
on the list) or individual plots can be added (Add or the key). The whole plot history can be saved to or retrieved from an R
variable in the global environment. The format of recorded plots may change between R versions. Recorded plots should be used as a permanent
storage format for R plots. There is only one graphics history shared by all the windows devices.’ The R console and graphics windows have configuration files stored in
the directory called and ;
you can keep personal copies in your directory. They contain
comments which should suffice for you to edit them to your
preferences. For more details see .