As mentioned you will be offered the opportunity to invest a fixed amount in the MEP. At the time of an Exit the outstanding debt (if any) will be deducted from the price paid for the company leaving the equity value to be attributed to the investor [BC Partners – OK] and management. As the investor is investing a significant part of their total investment in Preference Shares /Loan Notes which have a fixed annual return of 12%, the Ordinary Shares allow you to share in these equity proceeds upon an Exit in excess of this return. To illustrate potential returns on this investment we have below included an example of potential pay outs, assuming an Exit after 4 years, that there has been no further equity investment made in the group before Exit and that you have invested EUR 10,000 using the returns (multiple of invested money) of the investor on their total investment. Investor Multiple of Money Investment Return (gross, including initial investment) <1.6x EUR 0 1.6x EUR 10.000 2x EUR 47,000 2.4x EUR 77.000 2.85x EUR 110,000 ” (…) 7. What happens if I leave DO? Leaver Provisions The termination of your employment prior to an Exit has an impact on your MEP investment. The reason and timing of the termination of your employment (if applicable) is of importance in determining whether and for what amount you are able to realise a benefit with your investment. If your employment with DO terminates prior to an Exit, you will have to offer your MEP investment for sale. The price payable for your MEP investment will depend upon whether you are considered a Bad or Good Leaver and, if a Good Leaver, the extent to which your participation has vested. Note that a Leaver does not have the
right
to require that their MEP investment is purchased when they become a Leaver – it is at the option of the Remuneration Committee of Watson. Bad Leaver You will be considered a Bad Leaver if your employment is terminated due to one of the following reasons: i. i) Voluntary resignation; or ii) Termination for cause, including underperformance. Good Leaver In all other cases that your employment is terminated you will be considered a Good Leaver. (…) 9. What are the potential risks?