The Podium is only liable for property damage and/or consequential loss suffered by the The Podium is only liable for the property damage and/or consequential loss suffered by the Visitor or the injury inflicted on the Visitor, which is directly and exclusively the result of an intentional act or omission or gross negligence on the part of the or gross negligence of the Podium and/or its employees. Only those damages for which the Podium which the Podium is insured, or reasonably should have been insured, will be Only those damages for which the Podium is insured, or reasonably should have been insured, will be eligible for compensation, and only for the maximum insured amount or EUR 25,000 per event. If, for whatever reason, no payment is made by the insurance, the Podium shall not be liable for any If no payment is made by the insurance for whatever reason, then the Podium’s liability is limited to an amount of EUR 25,000 per event or series of events. 25,000 per event or series of related events. The Podium’s liability is excluded for, among other things: damage as a result of the actions of third parties, including persons hired by the Podium and lessees of (spaces in) the Building or the Venue and the persons hired by these third parties; damage as a result of not following instructions given by the Podium’s officials and of not observing the generally accepted rules of decency; (consequential) damage as a result of unforeseen changes in the starting and closing times of the Events to which the contract between the Podium and the Visitor relates; damage caused by other Visitors. In the event of force majeure, including illness and/or cancellation of the performer(s), the Podium shall be entitled to postpone the Event to a later date or to cancel it. If the Event is rescheduled by the Podium, the ticket remains valid for the new date on which the Event will take place. When relocating an Event, the Podium may also choose to provide new tickets for the Event. In that case the previously issued tickets will expire. If the Visitor cannot or does not wish to attend the Event on the new date, he/she is entitled to return his/her admission ticket to the party where the ticket was purchased and receive a refund of the admission ticket and/or other costs. This refund will only be made if the Visitor presents a valid and undamaged admission ticket to the party where the Event was to take place within twelve weeks of the date on which the Event took place. In the event of force majeure, only the Visitor who is a consumer and has purchased the admission ticket from the Podium or an official advance sales address will be entitled to reimbursement of the service charges. In the event of force majeure, the Podium is not obliged to compensate any other damage, not even if the Podium gains an advantage as a result of the force majeure. The Visitor cannot claim (replacement) access to another Event. In addition to article 6:75 of the Civil Code, Podium is not liable for any damages suffered by the Visitor, including the refund of the ticket and/or other costs, which are the result of force majeure on the part of Podium. Force majeure also includes any circumstance beyond the control of the Podium – even if this was foreseeable at the time the agreement was entered into – which temporarily or permanently prevents fulfilment of the agreement, as well as, insofar as not already included, fire, strikes, weather conditions, government measures to prevent the spread of disease, terrorist threats and disturbances. Complaints about the execution of the agreement between the Podium and the Visitor must be lodged with the Podium management within eight days after the execution of the agreement took place or should have taken place. If complaints are submitted after this deadline, the management of the Podium may decide not to deal with them. Complaints and circumstances relating to the following are not possible and do not lead to any obligation for compensation on the part of the Podium: Complaints and circumstances relating to: changes in the programme, including and not limited to, changes in the person(s) of performers, in the composition of the programme, the time frame of the programme and postponement of Events to another date; the quality of the performances of the Events to which the agreement between the Stage and the Visitor relates; nuisance or inconvenience caused by other Visitors or unlawful intruders, including but not limited to noise nuisance, inappropriate behaviour, theft and vandalism; in the event of repeated nuisance or inconvenience caused by certain Visitor(s) to be identified, the Podium will do everything in its power to deny these Visitors admission in the future (if necessary); nuisance or inconvenience caused by maintenance work on the Building or the Venue, and/or the consequences of such maintenance work, which could reasonably be expected at that time; nuisance or inconvenience caused by the improper functioning of facilities in the halls of the Building or the Place nuisance or inconvenience, including limited visibility for the Visitor, caused by (sound) recordings by the media and the technical facilities in the halls taken as a result; (nuisance, noise or otherwise, caused by Events taking place at the same time, including necessary actions which are required to prepare for these Events or which are connected in any other way with these Events, in other areas of the Building or the Venue the allocation and distribution of seats and/or a change in the seating plan necessitated by circumstances; i. nuisance or inconvenience, including a limited view of the stage and/or surtitles the presence or absence of surtitles, caused by the malfunctioning of the technical facilities, or the choice of the Podium to offer such facilities or not; nuisance or inconvenience caused by public transport strikes; denial of access to an Event that has already started. Should the Visitor violate (one or more of) the provisions stated in these General Conditions for Visitors, the Visitor will be in default by operation of law without any further notice of default being required and the Company will be entitled to dissolve the purchase with immediate effect and without judicial intervention and/or to deny the Visitor (further) access to the Event, for example by invalidating the Admission Ticket, without the Visitor being entitled to reimbursement of any costs. An invalidated Admission Ticket will not entitle the Visitor to admission to the Event. If there is reason to believe that an admission ticket has been forged, the Podium will be entitled to refuse the holder of the ticket admission to the Event, or any further admission, without the Visitor or the holder being entitled to claim any damages as a result. The Podium may use camera surveillance in the Building or at the location where the Event is organised. The camera surveillance may take place prior to, during and/or after the Event, in order to protect persons and property of the Podium and/or third parties. Camera images will be kept for a period to be decided by the Podium and will be made available to the police if required. The Podium is entitled to adapt the (regular) opening hours to incidental exercises within the framework of the company emergency services or, in the case of a calamity, to evacuate all or part of the Building or the Venue, without the Visitor being entitled to a refund of the ticket and/or other costs and/or compensation). The Podium is entitled to unilaterally amend the General Visitor Conditions. In that case, the Podium will inform the Visitor of the changes in good time. If the Visitor is a natural person who is not acting in the course of a profession or business, and the alteration results in the Visitor being provided with a performance which differs significantly from the original performance, this client will be entitled to dissolve the agreement as of the date on which the altered General Terms and Conditions governing Visitors come into effect. The Podium may declare additional conditions and/or regulations applicable to these General Conditions for Visitors. The Podium is also free to declare parts of these general terms and conditions for visitors inapplicable. The nullity of a provision of these general terms and conditions for visitors will not affect the validity of the other provisions. The Podium does not accept in advance the applicability of general terms and conditions of the Visitor. These General Conditions for Visitors and the agreement between the visitor and the Podium are governed by Dutch law. Any disputes arising from the agreement between the Visitor and the Podium will be exclusively settled by the competent court in the town where the Podium has its registered office, unless the law expressly provides otherwise. — — Schrijf je in voor de nieuwsbrief! Het Nederlands Theater Festival gebruikt de gegevens die je op dit formulier verstrekt om je op de hoogte te houden van ontwikkelen omtrent het programma van het festival.