The admission ticket is issued once and entitles the Visitor to admission to an Event. An admission ticket does not give the right to access (the relevant area in) the Building or the Venue after the commencement or the completion of the relevant Event. In the case of a live stream, it may be possible to participate after the start of the Event. Afterwards it is not possible to watch the show back. The Podium may charge the Visitor a fee in addition to the price of the admission ticket to cover the costs associated with entering into the agreement. With an admission ticket the Visitor may watch a livestream performance once on one device. The livestream performance may only be watched in a domestic setting. It is prohibited to watch in a larger organised context. The Visitor is obliged to keep the admission ticket for an Event for himself/herself and may not sell it on in any way to third parties, offer it for sale or provide it for commercial purposes. The Visitor may not in any way advertise or make any (other) form of publicity relating to the Event and/or any part thereof if this is done with the intention of reselling the admission ticket, this at the discretion of the Podium. A Visitor who transfers his/her admission ticket to a third party for no consideration (free of charge) and not as part of any commercial objective, is obliged to impose the obligations imposed on him/her as a Visitor, as described in these General Conditions for Visitors, on the party to whom he/she transfers the admission ticket. The Visitor guarantees the Podium that this/these third party/parties will fulfil their obligations. An admission ticket that has been or is resold and/or used for commercial purposes may be declared invalid by the Podium. An invalidated admission ticket will not entitle the Visitor to (further) admission to the Event and the Visitor will not be entitled to a refund. If the Visitor is a natural person who is not acting in the course of a profession or business (hereinafter: consumer), then in the event of violation of any of the obligations as stated in this article, the Visitor will owe the Podium an immediately payable fine of €1000 for each violation per admission ticket and €250 for each day that the violation continues with a maximum of €15,000, without prejudice to the Podium’s right to claim compliance from the Visitor and/or compensation for the damage suffered or still to be suffered. If the Visitor is not a consumer, then in the event of violation of any obligation as referred to in this article, the Visitor will owe the Podium an immediately payable fine of € 10,000 per violation per admission ticket and € 5,000 for each day that the violation continues with a maximum of € 40,000, without prejudice to the Podium’s right to claim from the Visitor compliance and/or compensation for the damage suffered or still to be suffered. During his/her stay in the Building or the Place, the Visitor is obliged to behave in accordance with public order, good morals and the (concerning the nature of the visited Event) applicable rules of decency. The Visitor is also obliged to follow the house rules and instructions of officials of the Podium known as such. If the Visitor acts in any way contrary to these standards, house rules and/or instructions, the Visitor may be denied (further) access to the Building or the Venue, without the Visitor being entitled to reimbursement of his/her admission ticket and/or other costs. Access may in this case be denied for an indefinite or definite period of time. The Visitor is prohibited (among other things) from Obstructing other Visitors by, including but not limited to -, inappropriate behaviour and theft; in the opinion of an official of the Podium, to bring or carry into the Building or the Location objects or substances which are dangerous and/or a nuisance to the Visitors; to offer goods of any nature whatsoever for sale to third parties, or to provide these free of charge without the Podium’s express permission; to bring own food and/or (alcoholic) beverages into the Building or onto the Stage. displaying public drunkenness or entering the Building or the Venue under the influence of drugs; (bringing animals or pets, other than assistance dogs, into the Building or the Place. The Visitor is obliged to cooperate with a body search (including a possible check of (hand) luggage when visiting an Event. If the Visitor refuses to cooperate, the Visitor may be refused admission or further admission to the Building or the Venue without being entitled to reimbursement of the admission ticket and/or other costs. For the benefit of the performer(s) and fellow visitors, the Visitor is not permitted to make photo, video, film and sound recordings without the permission of the Podium, and/or to use suitable equipment for this purpose during the Event. The Visitor is not permitted to reproduce, distribute or broadcast (a single part of) the (live stream) show in any form and by any means, or to store it in a database or retrieval system. In the event of an infringement, the Visitor may be denied (further) access to the Building or the Location and a fine may be imposed as laid down in Article 3.5, without the Visitor being entitled to reimbursement of the admission ticket and/or other costs. Smoking is prohibited in the Building or the Venue, with the exception of any designated smoking areas. An official of the Building or the Venue is entitled to deny the Visitor (further) access to the Building or the Venue in the event of violation, without the Visitor being entitled to restitution of the admission ticket and/or other costs. The Podium may require the Visitor to use a locker, or to hand in his/her coat, bag and/or other large objects at the cloakroom. This includes and is not limited to: suitcases, prams, wheelchairs, umbrellas, helmets, motorbike suits, rollators, children’s chairs, etc. The obligation to surrender the above-mentioned items is only possible if the cloakroom is supervised during the Visitor’s presence. The Podium may charge a fee for the use of the cloakroom or locker. One receipt will be issued for each item handed in. Objects will only be returned upon presentation of this receipt. Only in the case of a paid cloakroom, the Podium’s liability is limited at all times to € 150,- for each item (including its contents) deposited at the cloakroom. The Podium is not liable for any damage other than damage to or in connection with the loss of an object itself, and therefore not for indirect and/or consequential damage. Issued objects will be kept by the Podium exclusively for the duration of the Event. The Visitor is obliged to collect any objects deposited at the cloakroom before leaving the Building or the Venue. If an object deposited is not collected after the end of an Event, the Podium has the right not to return it. Any contract of custody ends at the time of closing of the Building or the Venue, following the deposit of the object. The Podium may refuse a Visitor who has not reached the minimum age specified by the performer/impresario of the Event. There will be no refund of tickets already purchased and/or other costs. The Visitor may be asked by an official of the Podium to identify himself/herself. If the Visitor cannot show any identification or refuses to do so, the Visitor may be refused access to the Building or the Venue, without the Visitor being entitled to a refund of the admission ticket and/or any other costs involved. The personal data of the Visitor, including the data relating to the name, address, postcode, place of residence, telephone number, gender, date of birth and the e-mail address of the Visitor, which are registered by the Podium in connection with the sale of an admission ticket, are included in the administration of the Podium and may be provided to the relevant partner(s) for the Event. The purpose of these records is to manage and have access to personal data for administrative purposes, visitor history analysis and mailings. The Visitor may at any time invoke the right to inspect and/or unsubscribe from receiving mailings. The Podium processes the personal data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with its privacy policy, which can be found on the Podium website. The Podium is entitled to make image and/or sound recordings of the Event at which the Visitor is present, prior to, during and/or after the Event. The Podium acts in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (AVG) by not allowing the Visitor to be identified in any way. The starting point is that a person is identifiable if their identity can reasonably be determined without disproportionate effort. The Visitor’s stay in the Building or the Location is entirely at his/her own expense and risk.