All offers, (programme) announcements, communications or other information and estimates made by the Podium or third parties are without obligation. The Podium accepts no liability for any errors in offers, (programme) announcements, communications or other information and indications supplied to the Visitor by the Podium and third parties, and/or for errors made in the sale or advance sale of tickets by third parties, including the so-called advance sales addresses. As from the moment that the admission ticket is made available to the Visitor, the Visitor bears the risk of loss, theft, damage or misuse of the admission ticket. In the event of loss, damage or misuse of the ticket, the Visitor has no right to restitution of the ticket and/or other costs. Even if the Visitor has obtained the admission ticket from a third party (not the Podium) and the payment of the admission price by that third party to the Podium does not take place for reasons attributable to the third party, the Visitor will not be entitled to a refund of the admission ticket and/or other costs. If the Visitor, for whatever reason, does not use the admission ticket, this will be at his/her own expense. Once a ticket has been obtained, it cannot be exchanged. In such cases, no restitution of the admission ticket and/or other costs will be made. The ticket holder who is the first to show the ticket at the start of the Event will be admitted. The Podium assumes that this ticket holder is also the person entitled to admission and is not obliged to investigate the validity of the ticket and/or the identity of the holder. The Podium cannot guarantee receipt of the admission ticket. If the Visitor has not received an admission ticket, he/she must report this to the Podium in good time before the Event. This means in good time before the start of the Event, so that the Podium can invalidate the ticket purchased and issue a new ticket. If the ticket was purchased from the Podium or a (pre)sales address, the Visitor will receive a new ticket. The burden of proof that the ticket was purchased from the Podium or a retailer or advance sales address rests with the Visitor. In the absence of proof, the Podium is not obliged to issue the Visitor with a new admission ticket. If so requested, the Visitor will at all times be obliged to show his/her admission ticket – physical or digital – and any card that entitles him/her to a discount on this admission ticket to officials of the Podium. The admission ticket will in any case be shown on entering the Building or the Venue (or the space in question), even if the Visitor has temporarily left the Building or the Venue (or the space in question) during an Event. The Podium is entitled to set a maximum number of tickets per Visitor that may be ordered. The Visitor is obliged to adhere to this. The admission ticket is issued once and entitles the Visitor to admission to an Event.